Add docs about how to use stateful functions in pulsar (#11335)
apache/pulsar: site2/docs/functions-worker.md

- `bookkeeperClientAuthenticationParametersName`: the BookKeeper client authentication plugin parameters name.
- `bookkeeperClientAuthenticationParameters`: the BookKeeper client authentication plugin parameters.

> ### Configure Stateful-Functions to run with broker
> 
> If you want to use Stateful-Functions related functions, for example, if you want to use `putState()` and `queryState()` related interfaces. 
> 
> 1. You need to enable the **streamStorage** service in the bookkeeper. Currently, the service uses the form of loading the nar package, so you need to configure the following in `bookkeeper.conf`:
> 
> ```text
> extraServerComponents=org.apache.bookkeeper.stream.server.StreamStorageLifecycleComponent
> ```
> 
> After bookie is started, you can use the following methods to check whether the streamStorage service is started correctly:
> 
> ```shell
> telnet localhost 4181
> ```
> 
> Output:
> 
> ```text
> Trying 127.0.0.1...
> Connected to localhost.
> Escape character is '^]'.
> ```
> 
> 2. Turn on this function in `functions_worker.yml`, as follows:
> 
> ```text
> stateStorageServiceUrl: bk://<bk-service-url>:4181
> ```
> 
> - bk-service-url: the service url points to bookkeeper table service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use Stateful-Functions related functions (for example,  `putState()` and `queryState()` related interfaces), follow steps below.
		
1. Enable the **streamStorage** service in the BookKeeper. 
   
   Currently, the service uses the NAR package, so you need to set the configuration in `bookkeeper.conf`.
    
    ```text
    extraServerComponents=org.apache.bookkeeper.stream.server.StreamStorageLifecycleComponent
    ```
    
    After starting bookie, use the following methods to check whether the streamStorage service is started correctly.
    
    Input

    ```shell
    telnet localhost 4181
    ```

    Output

    ```text
    Trying 127.0.0.1...
    Connected to localhost.
    Escape character is '^]'.
    ```
    
2. Turn on this function in `functions_worker.yml`.
   
    
    ```text
    stateStorageServiceUrl: bk://<bk-service-url>:4181
    ```
    
    `bk-service-url` is the service URL pointing to the BookKeeper table service.
```

do you mean this?

Author: Cool
